README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://nominateshoppies.netlify.app/static/shoppiesLogo-26fe5c2e7c20d15cb32d7b34600b08d3.png" width="100" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Nominate Shoppies
</h1>
<h3 align="center">
  Shopify Winter 2021 Developer Challenge
</h3>
<a href="https://nominateshoppies.netlify.app/">
<img align="center" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14436239/92436343-70d82280-f172-11ea-8140-c3629abe31d7.png"></img>
</a>
<a href="https://nominateshoppies.netlify.app/"><p align="center">Demo Link</p></a>

## 🚀 Shopify Challenge
Hello Shopify Team! Thank you for taking the time to take a look at my developer challenge. I'm really excited for the opportunity and I hope that we can work together in the future!

### The Build
This was a server-side rendered application to ensure snappy and quick interface response. 

This application was built using:
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) + [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/)
 - Used to create re-useable, highly scalable components
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/)
 - Used to create a consistent and reusable style and theme

### The Expectations

The list of functionality required by the challenge:

- The user can search for a movie using the [debounced](https://github.com/Animanny/Shoppies/blob/master/src/pages/index.js#L239) search field. This will make search calls to the OMDB API

- The list of search results will show each movie (poster, title, year) with a nominate button

- Nominating the movie will add the movie's banner to the nomination pane with a remove button

- Adding five movies will display a banner notifying that you're done and will disable the nominate button on any further movies and 

### Achievement Get!

Additional Functionality that makes the app slightly better to use:
- The application will save your nominations to your browser allowing you to close and re-open the tab and have your nominations persist!

- 100 Accessibility Code


### Next Steps

- I'm actively working on making shareable links using html2canvas to download an image of all the banners to be shared on twitter or instagram!

## Thank you

Again I'd like to thank you for checking out my project. Feel free to hit me up with any questions at [hey@animanny.com](mailto:hey@animanny.com) or checkout my other work on [my portfolio](http://animanny.com/). Hope to see you during

<p align="center">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ed/The-internship-poster.jpg" width="200" /></p>

Commit message:

Add share button and functionality

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://nominateshoppies.netlify.app/static/shoppiesLogo-26fe5c2e7c20d15cb32d7b34600b08d3.png" width="100" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Nominate Shoppies
</h1>
<h3 align="center">
  Shopify Winter 2021 Developer Challenge
</h3>
<a href="https://nominateshoppies.netlify.app/">
<img align="center" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14436239/92436343-70d82280-f172-11ea-8140-c3629abe31d7.png"></img>
</a>
<a href="https://nominateshoppies.netlify.app/"><p align="center">Demo Link</p></a>

## 🚀 Shopify Challenge
Hello Shopify Team! Thank you for taking the time to take a look at my developer challenge. I'm really excited for the opportunity and I hope that we can work together in the future!

### The Build
This was a server-side rendered application to ensure snappy and quick interface response. 

This application was built using:
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) + [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/)
 - Used to create re-useable, highly scalable components
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/)
 - Used to create a consistent and reusable style and theme

### The Expectations

The list of functionality required by the challenge:

- The user can search for a movie using the [debounced](https://github.com/Animanny/Shoppies/blob/master/src/pages/index.js#L239) search field. This will make search calls to the OMDB API

- The list of search results will show each movie (poster, title, year) with a nominate button

- Nominating the movie will add the movie's banner to the nomination pane with a remove button

- Adding five movies will display a banner notifying that you're done and will disable the nominate button on any further movies and 

### Achievement Get!

Additional Functionality that makes the app slightly better to use:
- The application will save your nominations to your browser allowing you to close and re-open the tab and have your nominations persist!

- A share button that redirects the user to Twitter along with a draft of their tweet containing all their nominated films
 - ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14436239/92556449-05588880-f238-11ea-90e1-82e6a3490394.png)


- 100 Accessibility Code


### Next Steps

- I didn't have time to learn how to use animations for this project but I'd love to be able to implement some flashy, celebratory animations to the site 


## Thank you

Again I'd like to thank you for checking out my project. Feel free to hit me up with any questions at [hey@animanny.com](mailto:hey@animanny.com) or checkout my other work on [my portfolio](http://animanny.com/). Hope to see you during

<p align="center">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ed/The-internship-poster.jpg" width="200" /></p>
